apply a small amount of hair wax to your
bangs to prevent flyaway hair separate
your bangs to one side and begin doing a
French braid they're in there seven days
I could be me have you ever pictured us
in the future is this too much or how do
you ever wonder look come on let's J I
want to share my socks with you I wanna
cook pancakes you do and all of the
sudden we're inspires we write a song
after you're done braiding the bangs add
only a new section of hair to the bottom
side of the braid
and my thoughts are noon gently pull on
the added section to create a cascading
effect continue taking new sections of
hair from the back of your head to add
to the braid remember to pull the new
section gently while you're braiding
you know the times we stopped at the red
light there and I'm naming you ask you
be strong my child
the little glow is the curse you smile
and laugh at me say the names a little
too cocky but it's mine we've got the
time oh darling how did I get you I
wanna see you in my thoughts and in my
dreams I hope that you see me too
and yours to pitch me die
Oh baby you can do it I complain that is
too high
stop adding new section when you reach
the desired look continue braiding the
rest of the hair into a three strand
braid then security and with a hair tie
repeat the same steps to the other side
and tie the two berated strands in the
middle with a hair tie like sunnyside
she likes the shady tighter every day
8:00 in the morning tear that in there
seven days